The intellectual studying and contemplating and then studying meditating practices on one
is known as the more counter-season to aperol, conhermatory development of practices. That
is not really studying too much, all that trilaru variety is said to be studying vinayas, sutras,
abhidhamma. Commonly is on those teachings by great masters, both in India in a tuition
and kind of all those teachings, like those are not the scholars which practice in that.
But this is more counter-easy, aperol, the ascetic imagery. Many a times in speechability,
the kustal, let yoga easy, kind of you won't go into the target, not just going through
all the variety of the different ages, different sizes, and coming, right, immediately coming
back to the poor performance of the practices. Whether you study and become the great scholars,
you have to practice. Whether you didn't really study too much, but just the basic teachings
of the authentic, meaning instruction, and also need practice. Both need practices. Without
the practices, realization will not grow. Even in the teachings, even you memorize all
the teachings, even you know all of the teachings really thoroughly, but if we don't practice
it, then you won't get realization. We will get some benefit, definitely benefit, but
if someone that is a scholar, the kind of knows, knows or the expert knows all the treasures
of the rich people or the kings and queens, and even you know all those treasures, what
they have, that won't help that person who knows all the treasures, what they have. And
one who practices them, then that's what really the important need practices. And so therefore,
the practice is so important, and this what we're following is the essential simple practices
of how to get the enlightenment or the realization and perform the goals. In order to do this
practice, as I mentioned always, and that we all, you and me, everyone needs to understand
our motivation, correct the motivation. More joy, more appreciation, more thankful, really
thank, bring up that attitude. Not just making up the joy that though grateful, without any
different reason to cover up that, no, we have so many reasons to be joy and appreciate it
and be grateful. Bring up those really good, make that highlight of the joy and appreciation
and be grateful. That is the number one in Buddhism that is foundation. And foundation
of the practices, that is also central column of the practices. We need always joyful, we
need always grateful, we need always, we go more carnival, happy and contentment. And
the second is the bodhicata. Again, you heard so many times about the bodhicata, and I heard
so many times about the bodhicata, but how much really we activated. Even we know that
meaning of the bodhicata. How much we activated. We have this time, not just only carnival,
on the intellectual level, but we have to bring up that from heart. Heart and bring
up that love and kindness, compassion. Compassion for all living beings. Our practice, our
meditation,
our study, whatever we do, do, wish really that will help. Whatever we do is related
with spiritual or Dharma, really wish that benefit for all sending beings. At the same
time, also in the teaching of prevention, correcting our self, re-standing. If something that we
are doing dethralled from our, the brand goal of the bodhicata, central pathway of the bodhicata,
trying to come back. Who was correct? We individually trying to correct that. That is known as
practicing a Dharma. We are not always perfect. No one is perfect. Even though we are a perfect
beautiful nation, but we make a lot of different carnival things happen, even without any
intention, due to our happy dependence. Happy dependence is not just only we develop it.
This lifetime, according to the teaching, it develops so long ago, so many lifetime before.
Therefore, this carnival, the old habit and unwholesome happy dependence, we don't have
to make effort to come. It just sounds so easy. We just become the master of the unwholesome
happy dependence, really. That is therefore, we need to correct our self. For that reason,
great teacher, Buddha Kepa Muni said, "Be yourself a teacher or be teacher to yourself
as your teacher." Who will do? You will do the best. You will. Not by someone, correct.
Correct yourself. That is known as mindfulness. That is wisdom. That is intelligence. That
is smart moves. Right with that, obviously. Really, that is what in the teaching, always
men get screwed. I mean, that bodhicata attitude, right, will correct that old thing, bodhicata.
And then, do the fury, the realization, the very understanding. How to begin the purity
state? Again, of course, three various states. But how to begin that? At least have the pure
perceptions, not to become judgmental, not to become skeptical, doubt and hesitation,
kind of suspicious to everyone, including even our own shadow. Shadow is doubt, carnival
having doubt and hesitation, become so skeptical. That won't leave anything. Even more dilemma,
more carnival cornered ourselves, more to the dark side, and really won't bring anything.
Pretty more pure perception. That is the beginning of the purity, understanding the realization.
Nature is pure, but that purity state is not just also blind believing that with intelligence,
the wisdom. Bring up that. Always wisdom with you, your wisdom or our wisdom. Your and
my wisdom should be always with our own activities. Our activities of the body, speech, mind is
guided by wisdom and mindfulness. Mindfulness and wisdom are combined to it. It's very
special. It's our own intelligence, our own trails, and have thoughts. And then bring
them all, realize that we can have those thoughts. All these various, three various states.
Reginald of home. All the forms that are enlightened. That's what all the virgins teach.
Esoteric Buddhism. Reginald. All is a reginald of home. And all is a reginald of home. And
all mind and space are reginald of mind. It's natural. Naturally enlightened status. Why?
Again, deep down every goal, deep down why it is? Because our mind, our nature of mind
is already enlightened, according to the absolute teachings of the body, already enlightened.
This whole, this display, the form and the song and the spirit, display of ordinary
Kundalini from our own mind. From our mind. That's really according to the teaching. Even
though this moment looks at a very different distance. This distance is all these poems
and songs are very distant from us and we are here kind of there. But that's the goal
known as dualities. Duality blocks. Reality of all poems are in that display of our own
nature of mind. Ask to our dreams. For example, when we dreaming, we have homes, we have
mountains, we have houses, we have songs, somebody is talking or singing. And each time we are
thinking what this, that thing is. Each time. Where that old display come from? It's nothing
but our mind, all this mind. Similarly, and for that reason, one of the children said,
we are in a sleeping, deep duality dream, dream sleep. We sleep and then display all things.
That thing becomes so, so regimented, so tight, so separate. But reality, nature is
flexible, nature is pure and enlightenment is. For that reason, the vision of the enlightenment,
vision of the Buddha are pure. Because they don't have habit better of the dualities,
it plays a way. And they now completely worship them display. Compassion, worship them in
compassion, unity, all displays are the enlightenment and wisdom display. Often we
heard opulent is display of the wisdom in computers. Because that Buddha enlightens
but that's reflected all poems. So that is to begin with that, called pure perception
of purity, understanding the realization. So I have more power of purity, understanding
all those poems. That's really how we begin practice. Those are not necessarily correct
in our motivation, at least kind of lining up to the reality, where the nature it is,
not just always stay in the kind of like narrow, habit-dependent corner that we are
hanging out all the time. We're not trying to change the course, trying to change the
way of our thinking and bring back to our origin qualities. So those are known as
motivations. Motivation, intention is so important.